[ie/youtube] Add `po_token`, `visitor_data` and `data_sync_id` extractor-args (#10648)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

* `innertube_host`: Innertube API host to use for all API requests; e.g. `studio.youtube.com`, `youtubei.googleapis.com`. Note that cookies exported from one subdomain will not work on others
* `innertube_key`: Innertube API key to use for all API requests. By default, no API key is used
* `raise_incomplete_data`: `Incomplete Data Received` raises an error instead of reporting a warning

> * `visitor_data`: Overwrites the visitor data used in api requests

Reviewer: maybe add a note that this extractor arg should not be used with cookies

> * `visitor_data`: Overwrites the visitor data used in api requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `visitor_data`: Overwrites the visitor data used in Innertube API requests. Note this should only be used for testing without cookies. If a session is required you should be using cookies.
```

perhaps something like this?

> * `po_token`: Passes a PO token to the player api request. Needs to be used with a matching visitor data value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `po_token`:  Proof of Origin (PO) token to use for all clients. This token is generated by BotGuard/DroidGuard to attest the requests are coming from a real client. Note: this needs to be paired with cookies from the browser session the token was generated from (or the `visitor_data` the token was generated with), and the matching `player_client`.
```

* `innertube_host`: Innertube API host to use for all API requests; e.g. `studio.youtube.com`, `youtubei.googleapis.com`. Note that cookies exported from one subdomain will not work on others
* `innertube_key`: Innertube API key to use for all API requests. By default, no API key is used
* `raise_incomplete_data`: `Incomplete Data Received` raises an error instead of reporting a warning
* `data_sync_id`: Overwrites the account Data Sync ID used in Innertube API requests. This may be needed if you are using an account with `youtube:player_skip=webpage,configs` or `youtubetab:skip=webpage`.
* `visitor_data`: Overwrites the Visitor Data used in Innertube API requests. This should be used with `player_skip=webpage,configs` and without cookies. Note: this may have adverse effects if used improperly. If a session from a browser is wanted, you should pass cookies instead (which contain the Visitor ID).

> * `po_token`:  Proof of Origin (PO) Token(s) to use for requesting video playback. You can either specify one token to use for all clients, or specify per-client as `web:token,android:token`. This token is generated by BotGuard/DroidGuard to attest the requests are coming from a real client. Note: this needs to be paired with cookies from the browser session the token was generated from (or the Visitor Data the token was generated with).

Reviewer: confirm syntax
